hey everyone cuba king 77 here from the
acs and nicotine here to do a video a
video or requested by you guys trying to
trick the face unlock feature on your
device so this should i don't hope this
is gonna work actually i haven't tried
it so anyway this is my evo 4G LTE I
have face unlock setup so as you can see
it recognized my face and unlock the
device so what I'm gonna try and do is
grab my Epic 4G Touch here and take a
picture of my face using the
front-facing camera
so you'll see I have my camera right
there so there you have it there but
there's me so I'm gonna take a picture
of myself okay and then I'm gonna view
the picture so you'll see this picture
right here hop into the gallery I guess
and what I'm gonna try and do is unlock
my evo using this photo obviously I have
no idea this is gonna work I haven't
tried it but let's go ahead and test it
out so as you can see I have the picture
there oh I think I use my face that was
an accident
sorry about that let's go ahead and get
me out of here and then try this BAM you
saw that right I hope you guys saw that
because my face is over here as you can
see I am nowhere in the vicinity of the
phone I'm on the left side here you'll
see I'm not there but if I bring the
phone with the picture of me you'll see
I've got the picture of me right here I
can just put that up and it's just BAM
right there unlocked via a picture on
another phone so that's clearly a
security flaw some could come along take
a picture of you using their phone and
it could potentially unlock your device
they're using the other picture so
that's clearly a security flaw obviously
something that should be addressed by
Google obviously from what I hear though
on the galaxy s3 they're gonna have
something where you use a voice command
as well to unlock their phone along with
your face so I don't know I think they
should do something where like if the
blink
couple times for it to recognize so it's
obviously a movement thing but obviously
there could be issues there so it's
obviously a very difficult thing that's
why they put it as a low security lock
let's try once more I thought that was
actually kind of neat how that works so
well it's obviously not neat in a sense
of oh no my phone's gonna get hacked but
just kind of neat that it actually
worked I didn't think it was gonna work
that well to be honest I didn't realize
that because I mean I haven't tried this
before so I mean this is a new thing I
just tried and it's definitely working
so there you have it there that would be
just kind of an issue with the face
unlock feature a lot of you guys wanted
me to test that out see if it would work
and it does so it should unlock whatever
phone uses the face unlock feature you
should be able to hack it be a picture
of yourself so obviously that's an issue
so there you have it let me know what
you think be sure to leave a comment be
sure to subscribe as well follow me on
Facebook Twitter and Google+ all links
will be in the description of the video
below and as always thanks for watching
be sure to give this video a thumbs up